Update Process README.md (#219)
ossf/tac: process/README.md

The process is designed to be flexible to enable a Project to move in and out of a Working Group as deemed appropriate by the TAC.

# II. Lifecycle

> <img align="top" src="https://github.com/ossf/tac/blob/main/process/TI-lifecycle-stages.png">

Reviewer: Breaking up walls of text with images is nice, but do we want some sort of lead-in here like "Here are the four stages of the TI lifecycle:"?

Reviewer 2: I actually don't think that this image really adds anything as it stands, it should at least have some arrows showing the progression from one stage to the other. Otherwise it's just duplicative of the bulleted list.

Author: I'll add some arrows to illustrate workflow, thanks for the suggestion

Reviewer 2: I actually replaced the image with a mermaid graph that has the arrows.

> Technical Initiatives (TIs) include Working Groups (WGs), Special Interest Groups (SIGs) and Projects (both code and specificiations). All TIs follow a common lifecyle, with 4 stages: 

Reviewer: Maybe we could merge these descriptions / abbreviations with "I. Overview" and just use the abbreviations here?

> Technical Initiatives (TIs) include Working Groups (WGs), Special Interest Groups (SIGs) and Projects (both code and specificiations). All TIs follow a common lifecyle, with 4 stages: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Technical Initiatives (TIs) include Working Groups (WGs), Special Interest Groups (SIGs) and Projects (both code and specifications). All TIs follow a common lifecycle, with 4 stages: 
```

> 

Reviewer: I think `lifecycle` is fine, but I agree with the spell-checker on the other items : )

Reviewer 2: Fixed

- Sandbox - for new efforts within the Foundation seeking to get started out within a community of like-minded contributors
- Incubating - for more mature and organized groups that have participated in the community for some period of time
- Graduated - for mature efforts that have a proven track-record of deliverables and adding value to the community

> - Archived - for groups that either are feature-complete and retired, or that no longer has active contributions occuring

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Archived - for groups that either are feature-complete and retired, or that no longer has active contributions occurring
```

> Each TI will haved equivellent, but slightly different requirements and benefits, depending on their stage in the lifecyle and are defined below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each TI will have equivalent, but slightly different requirements and benefits, depending on their stage in the lifecycle and are defined below:
```
